Big Kai, you bastard
Another death sentence for a bad king with a cold
Legendary Prince
Then Yu Yuxuan was raised by the Chen family
But die to destroy the sky
As heartless
Murdering his own brother
As a lunatic
Tusheng is full of messengers for no reason
As indiscriminate killing
Murdered Zheng Beijun again
As a chaotic state
So heartless and crazy
Sinner of Kapon
prince
I'm still pretending to be ten handsome and staying up late for you
This kind of person should spend a thousand cuts
Be fearless
The whole family is guilty
Yandu Bai family fatherhood
Negative justice
And not only that.
He also wants to beat his bitch sister into the sword pole
Warriors make a living by serving men
I came here today to welcome the return of God
Father Li Xuan pretended to be a god
Just to protect yourself
Father
Don't you think you've hurt him badly enough?
Do you really hope
Did your daughter die of grief?
Does the father want the building?
Is it full of evil and bloodshed?
For the first time in my daughter's life, please
Please let him go and let yourself go
Princess, this trash doesn't do anything wrong
I don't think so either.
It seems
I'm going to find a way to get him into my bed
Drunk King Shuwen
I apologize to the prince